PublicDashboards: Email sharing (#63762)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/dashboard-public/index.md

#### Make a dashboard public

- Click on the sharing icon to the right of the dashboard title.
- Click on the **Public dashboard** tab.
- Acknowledge the implications of making the dashboard public by checking all the checkboxes.
- Click **Generate public URL** to make the dashboard public and make your link live.
- Copy the public dashboard link if you'd like to share it. You can always come back later for it.

#### Pause access

- Click on the sharing icon to the right of the dashboard title.
- Click on the **Public dashboard** tab.
- Enable the **Pause sharing dashboard** toggle.
- The dashboard is no longer accessible, even with the link, until you make it shareable again.

#### Revoke access

- Click on the sharing icon to the right of the dashboard title.
- Click on the **Public dashboard** tab.
- Click **Revoke public URL** to delete the public dashboard.
- The link no longer works. You must create a new public URL as in [Make a dashboard public](#make-a-dashboard-public).

> #### Supported Datasources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Supported datasources
```

> - Click on the sharing icon to the right of the dashboard title.
> - Click on the Public Dashboard tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click on the sharing icon to the right of the dashboard title.
- Click on the **Public dashboard** tab.
```

- Acknowledge the implications of making the dashboard public by checking all the checkboxes.

> - Click `Generate public URL` to make the dashboard public and make your link live.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click **Generate public URL** to make the dashboard public and make your link live.
```

- Copy the public dashboard link if you'd like to share it. You can always come back later for it.

#### Pause access

- Click on the sharing icon to the right of the dashboard title.

> - Click on the Public Dashboard tab.
> - Turn on the `Pause sharing dashboard` toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click on the **Public dashboard** tab.
- Enable the **Pause sharing dashboard** toggle.
```

> - Anyone with the link will not be able to access the dashboard publicly until you make it shareable again.

Reviewer: Removing the bullet because this is an outcome rather than a step.

```suggestion

The dashboard is no longer accessible, even with the link, until you make it shareable again.
```

#### Revoke access

- Click on the sharing icon to the right of the dashboard title.

> - Click on the Public Dashboard tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click on the **Public dashboard** tab.
```

> - Click `Revoke public URL` to delete the public dashboard.
> - The link will not work anymore. It is necessary to create a new public URL as in [`Make a dashboard public`](#make-a-dashboard-public).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click **Revoke public URL** to delete the public dashboard.

The link no longer works. You must create a new public URL as in [Make a dashboard public](#make-a-dashboard-public).
```
